model      person-640.onnx at two tiles (2x1), 250 ms cycle, as shipped
tracker    coast 1200 ms, 4 sightings before a number, new identity at 0.25
frames     the four most crowded VisDrone-DET val frames, flown three ways each
           (hover, slow forward, fast forward), 10 seconds of flight per way

HOW A NUMBER IS JUDGED
  Every confirmed box is attributed to the person it sat on for the most frames, so
  finding another person and numbering the same person twice cannot be confused. A
  plain count cannot tell them apart and scores a detector that flickers higher.

    reached   of the people in view, how many ever got a number at all
    each      how many numbers those people got between them, per person
    stray     numbers issued to boxes that sat on nobody
    on person share of drawn boxes that were on a labelled person

                                       reached     each   stray   on person
  320 at six tiles, coast 4000             36%     1.55      97       73.3%
  320 at six tiles, this tracker           36%     1.55     103       80.0%
  640 at two tiles, old tracker            49%     1.48     149       74.7%
  640 at two tiles, this tracker           49%     1.49     158       80.8%

HOW MUCH OF THE CROWD IS OUTLINED AT ANY MOMENT

  A different question from the table above, and the one an operator is actually looking
  at: not "did this person ever get a number" but "is there a box on them right now".

  Drawing and numbering used to be one decision, so a box appeared only once a track had
  been confirmed - about a second after somebody walked into frame, which reads as the
  detector not seeing them - and a detection too faint to start an identity was thrown
  away and never drawn at all. They are two decisions now.

                                            of people   boxes drawn   on a person
    confirmed tracks only, as it shipped        43.4%         44294        71.1%
    every detection, numbered when proven       55.2%         60973        65.6%

  Twelve more people in every hundred have a box on them at any given instant. The price
  is in the last column: about one box in three sits on nobody rather than one in four.
  That is the deliberate shape of it - a box says "something is there", which is true from
  the first look, and a number says "this is a person and it is this one", which is not
  true yet and is withheld until it is.

  This is why boxing more did not make the counting worse. A faint track is provisional:
  drawn, matchable, and unable to be numbered or counted until a detection the tracker
  would have believed on its own agrees with it. It also never outbids a real track for a
  detection - without that rule the repeat numbering went from 1.47 per person to 1.63,
  because faint boxes were taking observations away from people who then coasted and were
  renumbered.

  55.2% is not 100% and cannot be made 100% here. The rest are people the model did not
  detect at all, at any confidence, and no drawing rule can outline somebody the detector
  never returned. Raising that ceiling is a detection problem, not a display one.

WHAT THE COLUMNS SAY
  The first row is what was flying before any of this. The last is what ships. Thirteen
  more people in every hundred get a number, each of them gets slightly fewer numbers,
  and four boxes in five sit on somebody instead of three in four.

  The number shown on a box is no longer the internal track id. That id is spent the
  moment any detection arrives that no existing track wanted, including every flicker
  that never survives to a second look, so one real person in a scene with sixty-six
  discarded flickers was labelled "person 67". The number is issued at confirmation from
  a counter that only moves for confirmed people, so the highest number on screen is the
  number of people counted.

  Stray went the wrong way, 97 to 158, and that is the price. Looking at the whole
  frame every cycle is more chances to be confidently wrong as well as more chances to
  be right. Buying them back was measured: raising the confidence a new identity needs
  from 0.25 to 0.29 removes 30 of them and costs four points of people found, which is
  the wrong direction for a tool whose job is to not miss anyone.

WHAT THIS IS NOT
  Not the tablet. It is the tablet's cadence, geometry, model and tracker run on a
  desktop against labelled frames. Thermal throttling, the DSP's arithmetic and a real
  radio link are all absent.

  Not a crowd count. It is how well the thing numbers people it can see, and anyone
  under a tree, a canopy or a vehicle is not in either column.

  Reproduce with:
    python3 tools/fly.py --frame <name> --out flight.json
    node tools/score_flight.mjs flight.json
